completed:: true
year:: [[2022]]
tags:: goal,project
identity:: #writer
  
- Complete
    - [x] Notion effective management presentation
  
Crafting S.M.A.R.T. Goals are designed to help you identify if what you want to achieve is  
realistic and determine a deadline. When writing S.M.A.R.T. Goals use concise language, but  
include relevant information. These are designed to help you succeed, so be positive when  
answering the questions.  
  
  
  
  
**Initial Goal (Write the goal you have in mind):**  
  
  
**1. Specific (What do you want to accomplish? Who needs to be included? When do you want to do this? Why is this a goal?)**
who -
what (what you are trying to accomplish) -
when (time bound) -
where -
which (Any obstacles) -
Why (What is the reason for the goal?) -  
  
  
**2. Measurable (How can you measure progress and know if you’ve successfully met your goal?): Measurement methods can be both quantitative (productivity results, money saved or  
earned, etc.) and qualitative (client testimonials, surveys, etc.).  
**
  
  
  
**3. Achievable (Do you have the skills required to achieve the goal? If not, can you obtain them? What is the motivation for this goal? Is the amount of effort required on par with what the goal will achieve?):**
  
how to accomplish the goal -  
if you have the tools/skills needed -
if not, consider what it would take to attain them
  
  
**4. Relevant (Why am I setting this goal now? Is it aligned with overall objectives?):**
  
  
  
**5. Time-bound (What’s the deadline and is it realistic?) If the goal will take three months to complete, it’s useful to define what should be achieved half-way through the process:**  
  
  
**S.M.A.R.T. Goal (Review what you have written, and craft a new goal statement based on what the answers to the questions above have revealed):**
Description -
Milestone -
Deadline -