---
tags:
 - activity/log
 - people/pal
 - year/2024
 - recurring/daily
---
#### Pal Life Notes

Device to identify blood pressure
someone checking it as the accountability partner
Subbu, sap consultant from Dallas knows Chitti. China Annan brother in law. 
sundae, tech executive who is planning to move to Austin stays at China Annan house. 
task: moving table and chair. lemonade mixed with something. ask uma. 
commode with heater is awesome for the but.
mission is the boss.
work without any ego
save every dollar to give back to the community.
visit the TNF office in Chennai
world Tamil conference 
brand building
Austin TNF youth conference 
Dr pal event on April 7th 
dentist union coming in Leander for insured and under insured 
petna organization
influence in government 
navigate in existing system
reachability, transparency using Salesforce tech 
youth event: plan an event with plans to change their thoughts process in next 10 to 15 years
pmo? 
thinkcubator - ata American Tamil entrepreneur
When you are legs are paining, it is mostly caused by inflammation. Take coconut milk plus kate or spinach plus peanut butter and make a drink. Quite helpful.
Gree vegetables such as kate, spinach or brocolli are good.
No varuval or fried items. Best to go with poriyal or aviyal.
Protein you can take milk products
Cherry tomatoes are good. 
Sprouts are source of carbohydrates but when they grow (mullaikum pothu), it is a protein. 
Buy solid wood. Facebook market place is a good one.


Hindi : Lunchbox
The great boom ahead by harry dent 
The crest of the wave by robert prechter
The sovereign individual by robert prechter
Unlimited wealth by paul zane pilzer
The wealth of nations by adam smith
The wordly philosophers by robert heilbroner
The 16 percent solution
Index card : why personal finance isn't complicated
Beginner guide to investment
Inc and grow rich
4 hour work week
Trading for a living by alexander elder
Debt free by 30
Emotional intelligence by daniel go
"Think and Grow Rich" (1937) by Napoleon Hill
Personality : seven habits of highly effective people
"Beating the Street" (1994) by Peter Lynch
"The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons For Corporate America" (1997) by Warren Buffett
The Richest Man in Babylon
Personality : how to win friends and influence people
The Intelligent Investor - Benjamin Graham
Men are from mars and woman are from venus
Security Analysis - Benjamin Graham
Sedona red rocks
Expensify
Hotel Tonight
Airbnb
Gasbuddy
7 minute workout
Mint
Square Cash
Venmo
ShopKick
Groupon
RetailMe Not
Best Parking
Apps Gone Free
Food Network in Kitchen
Red Laser
Hopper
ShopSavvy
CellFire
http://www.manualsonline.com/
euler
code forces
topcoder
hackerrank
leetcode
Singletasking
Real World Haskell
Getting Value out of Agile Retrospectives
The Pragmatic Programmer
Java : Patterns of Enterprise Application Architecture
Expert oracle database architecture 9i, 10g, 11g. (or the latest version.) - Thomas Kyte
Java Performance - Charlie Hunt
Seven Languages in Seven Weeks
Java : Effective Java
E-Myth Michael Gerber
Java : Working Effectively with Legacy Code
Java : Head First Design Pattern
Java : Clean Code
Millionaire Next Door - Thomas Stanley
Java : Refactoring
Module dependent on other module - compile to the source code
 Basic SQL Plans
 SQL Guidelines
 Java Guidelines
 Complete pattern
 Proxy pattern 
 State pattern 
 Iterator and composite pattern
 Compound pattern 
 Template pattern
 Adapter and facade pattern
 Command pattern
 

-----------
#### Pal Journaling notes 



------

#### Pal Tech Notes

Guice Convertor
Stream Convert XML to Object
angularjs
Design Pattern
amazon ec2
javascript
jax ws/jax rs
node.js
Clean Code Book





------ 
#### Pal Work Notes


