---
tags:
 - nexus/note_log
 - people/pal
 - date/2024-03-14
---
Yesterday:: [[pal-notes/0_Fleeting_Pal/Pal_2024_03_13_Wed]] 
Tomorrow:: [[Pal_2024_03_15_Fri]]  
Today's Journal: [[pal-notes/2_Permanent_Pal/1_Daily_Journal/Pal_2024_03_14_Thu]] 

Tech >> Springboot classes can be used to generate the pubsub.

-----
#### Fixed the obsidian mermaid diagram being cut 
https://forum.obsidian.md/t/resize-and-align-mermaid-diagrams/7019/15
> Instead, copy the CSS in a CSS file in the snippets folder of your obsidian vault, then go on the Appearance settings and activate said CSS file. Here are the steps:
- Go to Settings > Appearance > Scroll down to CSS Snippets > Click on the folder icon on the right to Open snippets folder
- Make a CSS file in the snippets folder with the desired CSS, then save the file (file must have extension “.css”)
- Activate the CSS file snippet by toggling it on under “CSS Snippets” in the Appearance settings.
You used to also be able to write CSS in an obsidian.css file in the .obsidian folder, but I believe that feature is deprecated now, in favor of using CSS snippets instead.

https://forum.obsidian.md/t/resize-and-align-mermaid-diagrams/7019/11
To align all mermaid diagrams, you can write the following in your obsidian.css file (you can replace “center” with “left” or “right” if you choose to do so):

`div.mermaid {     text-align: center; }`

Adjusting the width and height of mermaid diagrams is a bit trickier, but I found the following solution.

**EDIT:** While the solution below does technically work, please replace anywhere I’ve written `svg[ig^="m"][width][height][viewBox] { *desired code* }` in the css below with the much simpler `.mermaid svg { *desired code* }`. This simpler solution was offered by [@smcllns](https://forum.obsidian.md/u/smcllns) in a [later post](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/ability-to-resize-and-align-mermaid-diagrams/7019/20) on this thread.

The example below sets the width of the mermaid diagrams as 400px while preserving the aspect ratio:

`svg[id^="m"][width][height][viewBox] {     width: 400px;     height: auto; }`

You can also have several variations of the above code. A couple of examples include:

- A width of 80% of the current window’s width:
    
    `svg[id^="m"][width][height][viewBox] {     width: 80%;     height: auto; }`
    
- A minimum width of 350px and a maximum width of 600px:
    
    `svg[id^="m"][width][height][viewBox] {     min-width: 350px;     max-width: 600px;     width: 80%;     height: auto; }`
    

I hope this helps! Also, for anyone interested, the steps I used to find this solution were the following:

1. I used Ctrl+Shift+I (on Windows) to open the obsidian developer tools while in preview mode. Then, I inspected the mermaid elements in my page and found that they have randomly generated id attributes all starting with the letter “m”. An example was the following:
    
    `<svg id="me4c26fffe5bb1328" ...>`
    

- _N.B. The mermaid id attribute changes for an obsidian diagram after an obsidian site is published, so targeting a particular id using css and hoping for those changes to carry over is not feasible._

2. Through some searching online, I found that I can change the attributes of an html element whose name starts with a string by following the recipe:
    
    `element_name[attribute_name^="starting_string"] { *desired code changes here* }`
    

- In this case, the html element is **svg**, the attribute name is **id**, and the starting string is **“m”**, so I would have to write:
    
    `svg[id^="m"] { *desired code here* }`
    
- However, there may be other **svg** elements on a page that also have their **id** attribute start with **“m”**, so the above solution isn’t too specific.
    

3. In pursuit of greater specificity, I added [width], [height], and [viewBox] because each mermaid diagram I saw also had **width**, **height**, and **viewBox** attributes:
    
    `svg[id^="m"][width][height][viewBox] { *desired code here* }`
    

Finally, I have to say that I only tested this on mermaid flowcharts, so if it doesn’t work for other types of mermaid diagrams, please let me know.

----
