---
tags:
  - nexus/journal_daily
  - people/pal
  - date/2024-03-08
  - nexus/note_log
meditation_time: 0
---

Pal_2024_03_08_Fri_68th
13:25

- #### DONE tasks warm up (before 9AM)
- Daily routing
	- [ ] Walk or run or pickleball
		- [ ] Monday: Collect letters
		- [ ] Monday: Change Socks
- #### DONE tasks warm up (9am to 9:30am)
- Daily routine
	- [ ] Take bath
		- [ ] Monday: Change towel for bath
	- [ ] Picking utensil from dishwasher and loading in drying shelf
- #### DONE tasks warm (1:30pm to 2:30pm)
- [ ] Lunch time help and eating
- [ ] Praying to god
- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
- ### 3 things I am grateful for today?
- A
- B
- C
- #### 3 things I want to share with folks?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 amazing things that happened to me today?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 things I could have done better?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 things I am looking forward at work to?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 things I am looking forward at life to?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 things I am going to focus in readwise for reading/highlighting/notetaking?
- A
- B
- C
- #### DONE tasks warm down (5:30 to 6:30pm)
- Routine
	- [x] Daily template complete
- Tasks cleanup
	- [ ] Todolist cleanup for personal tasks
	- [ ] Calendar event check for personal and work schedules conflicts
	- [ ] Check for obsidian on pending work tasks
	- [ ] Update tempo on today's task
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers
	- [ ] Clean photos in phone
	- [ ] Close study room blinds
	- [ ] Deposit checks
	- [ ] Pickup any packages lying in the door
	- [ ] Watch camera for any violations
	- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
- Note taking
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Whatsapp messages
- #### DONE tasks warm down (6:30 to 7:30pm)
- Daily routine
	- Dinner prep and eating
	- Dishwasher load
	- Monday
		- [ ] Take trash can out
	- Tuesday
		- [ ] Take trash can in
- #### Pal Life Notes
  
  mission manjunu 
  kannada movie IMDb 8.5 saptha 
  poacher 
  shogan
  global entry TSA check free with chase saffire
  Gregory gym
  floating vs glue floor: Kumar Annan suggests floating is easier to replace. Makes a little sound.  muthu Annan suggests glue down over concrete floor. hardwood floor price $7.50 per sqft. installation floor price $2 per sqft.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Muthukumar
  Mobile : 9443322211
  UDHAYAM Flats,
  No. 3, 3rd Street, Damodharapuram
  Adyar
  Chennai-600020
  
  1. Total extend of land = 4040 sq.ft. (common street on easten side. Measurement : North to south on eastetn side 52 feet, North to south on western side 52 feet 9 inches, East to west on Northern side 76 feet, East to west on Southern side 78 feet.)
  2. UDS for each flat = 673 sq.ft
  3. Builtup area of each flat = 760 sq.ft.
  4. Total 6 flats = 2 flats at ground floor + 2 flats at first floor + 2 flats at second floor.
  5. Eastern side road width may be 18 feet (to be confirmed).
  
  -----------
- #### Pal Journaling notes 
  
  
  
  ------
- #### Pal Tech Notes
  
  
  
  
  
  ------
- #### Pal Work Notes
  
  what are the processes 
  what are the communication?
  what are the impact?
  
  Orders sync? push microservice? Clover go? 
  Grafana query? Yoseif? 
  Logging? metrics? 
  redis? memcache? 
  database? moll? 
  
  TODO: move recording to the drive folder?