---
tags:
  - nexus/journal_daily
  - people/pal
  - date/2024-03-11
  - nexus/note_log
task_daily_template: ✅
task_walk_run: 
task_todoist_cleanup: 
task_calendar_cleanup: 
task_tempo_update: 
meditation_time: 0
---

Pal_2024_03_11_Mon_71st
10:23

- #### DONE tasks warm up (before 9AM)
- Daily routing
	- [ ] Walk or run or pickleball
		- [ ] Monday: Collect letters
		- [ ] Monday: Change Socks
- #### DONE tasks warm up (9am to 9:30am)
- Daily routine
	- [ ] Take bath
		- [ ] Monday: Change towel for bath
	- [ ] Picking utensil from dishwasher and loading in drying shelf
- #### DONE tasks warm (1:30pm to 2:30pm)
- [ ] Lunch time help and eating
- [ ] Praying to god
- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
- ### 3 things I am grateful for today?
- A
- B
- C
- #### 3 things I want to share with folks?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 amazing things that happened to me today?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 things I could have done better?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 things I am looking forward at work to?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 things I am looking forward at life to?
- A
- B
- C
- ### 3 things I am going to focus in readwise for reading/highlighting/notetaking?
- A
- B
- C
- #### DONE tasks warm down (5:30 to 6:30pm)
- Routine
	- [x] Daily template complete
- Tasks cleanup
	- [ ] Todolist cleanup for personal tasks
	- [ ] Calendar event check for personal and work schedules conflicts
	- [ ] Update tempo on today's task
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers
	- [ ] Clean photos in phone
	- [ ] Close study room blinds
	- [ ] Deposit checks
	- [ ] Pickup any packages lying in the door
	- [ ] Watch camera for any violations
	- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
- Note taking
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Whatsapp messages
- #### DONE tasks warm down (6:30 to 7:30pm)
- Daily routine
	- Dinner prep and eating
	- Dishwasher load
	- Monday
		- [ ] Take trash can out
	- Tuesday
		- [ ] Take trash can in
- #### Clean up pages without tags
  ```dataview
  TABLE file.tags
  FROM !"family-notes/Backup" AND "family-notes"
  WHERE length(file.tags)=0
  ```
- #### Pal Life Notes
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Learnt about mermaid flowchart. Too powerful. 
  ```mermaid 
  graph TD 
  A[Biology] 
  B[Chemistry] 
  A --> B 
  class A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H,I,J,K,L,M,N,O,P,Q,R,S,T,U,V,W,X,Y,Z internal-link; 
  ```
  
  
  ```mermaid
  %%{init: {"flowchart": {"htmlLabels": false}} }%%
  flowchart LR
    markdown["`This **is** _Markdown_`"]
    newLines["`Line1
    Line 2
    Line 3`"]
    markdown --> newLines
  
  ```
  
  ```mermaid
  mindmap
  root((mindmap))
    Origins
      Long history
      ::icon(fa fa-book)
      Popularization
        British popular psychology author Tony Buzan
    Research
      On effectiveness<br/>and features
      On Automatic creation
        Uses
            Creative techniques
            Strategic planning
            Argument mapping
    Tools
      Pen and paper
      Mermaid
  ```
  
  
  
  -----------
- #### Pal Journaling notes 
  
  
  
  ------
- #### Pal Tech Notes
  
  
  
  
  
  ------
- #### Pal Work Notes
  Presentation
- Signalscience by fastly
- Anomalies patterns
	- Application headers
	- log4j pattern
	- Rate-limiting
	- Run as a module in HAProxy
	- Signalscience will introduce latency
- Lacework, Grafana, Signalscience contribute to HAProxy workload
- CloudArmor
- Where is signalscience added ? web, api
- Device, semi-integrated traffic not inspected
- Traceable was also looked upon
- Google chronicle is used the dashboard
- TLS termination??? Not done by SecurityScience as of today
- metric injected into chronicle? grafana? metrics are moved to GCS bucket
- legacy network balancer
- CloudArmour
	- Expensive
	- Newer ALBs dont support legacy TLS
- HAProxy to look sticktables to decide on whether to send the request to 
  
  
  Identify the things to do
- when to do it?
- what are the side effects?
  
  Signals 
  5xx
- What's broken?
- What's percentage?
- One node vs all nodes?
- What is the impact?
- Is it isolated?
- which nodes?
- How often?
	- 3 or 4 dashboard
- IM interrupting
- COS-on-call?
	- Can solve it
	- Escalate to senior
	- Escalate to IM
- What's the impact?
-