---
tags:
  - project/family_tax_file
  - nexus/note_hub
  - date/2024-03-22
  - resource/family
  - date/2024-04-03
priority: P1
assignedTo: people/uma
work: implement
---

Filed with 
CD TAX & BOOKKEEPING 1262 E HAMILTON AVE SUITE B CAMPBELL, CA 95008  
(408) 371-9770
Filing fee: $275 


Folder: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/fo[[Tax 2023]]u1YFHB

[[Tax 2023 - Foreign Investment]]

### Questions from tax prep 
1. Our new address: 2613 Shumard bluff drive, Leander, Texas - 78641 
2. 

### Questions before tax prep 
1. How do you charge this year for just tax filing? No Fbar?
	1. Same as last year. May be extra $25. 
2. Property down payment? closing costs?
	1. Nope. Only interest payment and points paid. Which should be greater than 28K i.e the standard deduction. 
3. Mortgage interest payment? Standard deduction: 28K. Would be worth showing it for 2024. 
4. Medical expenses? Minimum amount? It should be greater than 7.5% of AGI. 
5. Property depreciation? How to prove? 

# Joint account 
- [x] Ally Bank Interest
- [x] Barclay bank
- [x] Synchrony Bank
- [ ] Donation
    - [ ] Gofundme
- [ ] Education
    - [ ] Eventbrite
- [ ] Medical expenses
- [ ] Mortage insurance deduction
- [x] Government California return
- [x] Vanguard
- [x] Betterment
- [x] Bank account information
  
# Pal
- [x] Bank of America Interest (No tax statement)
- [x] DCU - Saving Account Interest
- [x] Vanguard Roth IRA
- [x] Merryl Lynch Capital gain (No tax statement)
- [x] Fidelity Capital gain
- [x] Betterment Accounts + Roth IRA
- [x] Optum Bank HSA
- [x] Work - W2
- [x] Health Plan
- [ ] HDFC Bank - savings account
- [ ] Reserve bank of India - gold scheme(2)
- [ ] State bank of India
- [ ] HDFC Standard life insurance - 5 lakh in 2022
- [ ] Robinhood
  
# Uma
- [x] BOFA (No tax statement)
- [x] DCU - Uma Account
- [x] Betterment Roth IRA
- [x] Vanguard Roth IRA
- [ ] Maybank Interest
- [x] ICICI Bank - Saving account(2)
- [x] ICICI Bank - deposits(2)
- [ ] Optum bank HSA
  
# Closed Accounts
- [x] ~~SBI - Closed in 2020~~
- [x] ~~City union bank deposit Closed in 2021~~
- [x] Uma Berkley Expenses - Not needed as Salary is greater than 160K
- [ ] Mutual fund in Mom's name 
  
Home
- **Purchase Costs Deduction**
    
    In most cases, you can deduct loan discount points, origination fees, and daily interest paid on the mortgage at closing — even if you're not the one who paid for them. Your closing disclosure (also called a CD) has all this information, so hang onto it to use when preparing your return.
    
      
    
- **Mortgage Interest Deduction**
    
    Are you married filing jointly and purchasing your first or second home?  
    Beginning in the tax year 2018, couples filing jointly can deduct the  
    interest on up to $750,000 of qualified residence loans. Couples filing  
    separately can deduct interest on up to $375,000 of qualified debt. The  
    amount decreased from $1 million ($500,000 for couples filing  
    separately) under the  
    [Tax Cuts and Jobs Act](http://emlink.pnlending.com/ls/click?upn=pZ4qlEXTabSjrvUJkQaaXyj1R5EE0Z9nZS19KwcsoOx5rcYeL5oj9j48EINx4e9mlriM6jyl-2BFFWB-2FT8ldOxtDB7JWBi9pnDnGJDjROXvdsPLncHyeyiN8A70GGn6iQpWPEp_vGP-2FLV5AC73o5OUDfk3teLUtEt8yAvUWUH37sxFhGr0fsCeqDsA2HSTS17WVIJn8K07AHSRdT9CufXsoKkQUOEmRGGogTOscs-2BFusQ8HGQHNrzae8TuVqpR0rxkwAy3bc1nuo9gSoWmUp-2FcQEG93Yajyf05IJ1ZavOezn2Kbz5cMlbY2sGK9QmVv-2F03patDPcRjfs82OHhk5MJ3PHlaSRN-2FMFt47xsFsxdBOHLp7bDxJ2hGlm1M-2F4ve4QrXeQ-2F9MGcCmBGxlKmjS7ejBJRkDp9AlVI3otWWDpawovn0LqROt-2BkXHzwWIQUnB3ZcdXr-2BRTkNe-2FdC5i5Tiuf5gNrNUcy-2BsqXtAeOaNwHQ2uQOmIUa6Nu4A8Jq83-2FXcxLo7PdpWE-2FoFO6jRbWII8ttFyKxCqA-3D-3D).
    
- **Home Office Expense Deduction**
    
    Does your business require that you use a home office? You might be able to deduct a percentage of your home costs related to that portion of the property. This one can be a bit tricky, so be sure to consult with a tax professional.
    
- **Home Equity Loan Interest Deduction**
    
    Within certain IRS limits, the interest you pay on a home equity loan or a line of credit may also be deductible.
    
- **Mortgage Insurance Deduction**
    
    The premiums you pay for mortgage insurance may be deductible up to a certain income limit.
    
- **Home Improvement Loan Interest Deduction**
    
    If you take out a loan for home improvement, you can deduct the interest with no dollar limit. This is only for “capital improvement” — not just ordinary repairs. A tax professional can give you more information about what improvements quality.
    
- **Capital Gains Exclusion**
    
    If you sell a home that was used as your principal residence for at  
    least two of the previous five years, you get to keep some of that  
    profit tax free. Married taxpayers filing jointly can keep up to  
    $500,000, and single or married filing separately can keep up to  
    $250,000 each.  
    
- **Selling Costs Deduction**
    
    If your capital gain exceeds the limits above, you can reduce it by the amount of your selling costs, including broker’s commissions, title insurance, legal fees, and other costs. You can also deduct any decorating or repairs that you did to make the home more saleable.
    
  
# Small Business Expenses
- [ ] Web Hosting fee
- [ ] Internet
- [ ] Business cards
- [ ] Phone line, cell phone bill
- [ ] New computer
- [ ] paper, ink, pens, greeting cards sent to clients or prospects
- [ ] Deduction a portion of your utility bill as a business expense (ex: like rent, you can deduct a percentage of your gas/electric bills)
- [ ] Tracking your business mileage using a Google sheet like this. Keep track of date, purpose of the trip, and mileage.
- [ ] Home Office. Deducting a portion of your rent as a home office expense (ex: if 15% of the square footage of your apartment is dedicated for the home office, you can deduct 15% of your rent)
- [ ] Even if your company doesn’t have a profit, you can deduct losses against your spouse’s income on the first page of your 1040 (line 12 on page 1)
- [ ] Health insurance is an above-the-line deduction on page 1 of your 1040
- [ ] Deducting financial planning fees on Schedule E as “business consulting” makes it fully deductible and not subject to 2% of AGI. A reasonable amount to deduct is 50%
- [ ] Under the Section 179 deduction, an eligible business can often claim first-year depreciation write-offs for the entire cost of new and used equipment, software additions and eligible real property costs.
- [ ] Education expenses to maintain and improve your skills like professional license fees and continuing education courses
- [ ] Magazine and newspaper subscriptions related to your business
- [ ] 50% of meals and entertainment when traveling for business
- [ ] 50% of meals and entertainment when conducting business meetings
- [ ] Coffee and snacks to feed yourself and your employees while you work. Note, you cannot deduct your regular meals to feed yourself. However, if you have a weekly team lunch meeting, you can deduct that.
- [ ] Cleaning services to clean your home office
- [ ] For travel expenses to qualify, the trip must last longer than an ordinary business day and take the taxpayer away from their home. The purpose for the trip must be for business and include meetings with prospects, clients, or acquiring and maintaining skills in your industry (ex: conferences, seminars, etc.). Deductible expenses include transportation, hotel stays, and meals and entertainment. Remember meals and entertainment are subject to a 50% haircut.
- [ ] If your business has a profit, setting up a Solo 401(k) is a good option. You can defer $18,000 worth of taxes and also contribute 20% of your company’s profits
  
How to keep track of business expenses
- [ ] Get a business credit card. For sole-proprietors you can use a personal card, but use it exclusively for business expenses
- [ ] Track mileage on a Google sheet with date, purpose of the trip, and mileage
- [ ] Scan all receipts to Dropbox or Google Drive (you can even take a picture of your receipt using the Dropbox app). Before you scan the receipt, write on it who you had the meal with and the purpose of the meeting. (Ex: Prospect meeting with Bill Smith, Professional Networking at the Rotary Club, etc.)
  
For high-income earners
- [ ] Super fund your Roth with non-deductible contributions to your 401(k) after you max out your annual contributions
- [ ] Consider a Two-step Roth
- [ ] Donor advised fund for appreciated stock
- [ ] Utilizing your company’s FSA
- [ ] Utilizing your company’s HSA
- [ ] Unreimbursed business expenses (investment expenses, cost for Turbo Tax or taxprep, job search fees, LinkedIn, etc.)
- [ ] Donations to charities like the Goodwill. Here is how to estimate the value of your donation. You can also use this Donation Value Guide. List each item and estimated worth on a spreadsheet. Take a picture of the items you are donating and get a receipt.
  
Resources:  
  
[http://blog.bookly.co/academy/write-offs-for-independent-contractors](http://blog.bookly.co/academy/write-offs-for-independent-contractors)




#### FEDERAL FORMS

Form 1040: 2023 U.S. Individual Income Tax Return 
Form 1040-V: Payment Voucher  
Schedule 2: Additional Taxes
Schedule 3: Additional Credits and Payments 
Schedule B: Interest and Dividend Income
Schedule D: Capital Gains and Losses  
Form 8606: Nondeductible IRAs
Form 8879: IRS e-file Signature Authorization
Form 8889: Interest and Dividend Income
Form 8949: Sales and Other Dispositions of Capital Assets
Form 8959: Additional Medicare Tax
Form 8960: Net Investment Income Tax
Form 8995: Qualified Business Income Deduction


#### CALIFORNIA FORMS
Form 540NR: 2023 California Part-Year/Nonresident Return
Schedule CA-NR: California Adjustments
Form 8453: California e-file Return Authorization
Form 8606: Nondeductible IRAs (CA Amounts)



## Foreign investment 


| Interest Income               | Foreign currency                       | USD                                     |
| ----------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| HDFC Bank (India)             | INR 128328 <br>INR 2462 + 2366+ 123500 | 1541<br><br>58.16 (Excluding LIC bonus) |
| SBI Bank(India)               | INR 500                                | 6                                       |
| Reserve bank of India (India) | INR 1801                               | 21                                      |
| ICICI Bank (India)            | INR 47602                              | 571                                     |
| Maybank (Malaysia)            | MYR 11.79                              | 3                                       |
| Total                         |                                        | 2112                                    |
