---
tags:
  - nexus/journal_daily
  - people/pal
  - date/2024-03-05
  - nexus/note_log
meditation_time: 0
---

Pal_2024_03_05_Tue_65th
09:09

#### TODO tasks warm up
- [x] Take bath
- [x] Pray to god
- [x] Picking utensil from dishwasher and loading in drying shelf
- [x] Walking or running or pickle ball

### 3 things I am grateful for today?
- Priya for letting me lead the COS resiliency meeting
- Loki was confident in my ability and asked me to share on COS related stuff
- C

#### 3 things I want to share with folks?
- One should not be chasing money. We should be chasing things which would produce money. Money is the by product. Learnt this from the video about Rich dad and Poor dad summary
- Sticking to a discipline will help with Consistency. I have been productive the most in the last three days. 
- Writing down a journal and sticking to it has helped clear out the mind. 
- Asking parents to create an emergency account which would act as a buffer 
### 3 amazing things that happened to me today?
- Cleaned up the tags in Obsidian
- Found out about ScreenZen. Nice app blocking me from using youtube, inshorts, slack. 
- Learnt how to create nested tags. / would be the separator to create a nested tag. 
- Realized renaming for notion notes in Obsidian is not going to work as notes are linked to each other.
- Moved personal documents out of work drive

### 3 things I could have done better?
- I did not focus on the tasks I choose for today. Started cleaning tags and spent most of time doing it. 
- B
- C

### 3 things I am looking forward at work to? 
- Work on Priya's COS resiliency sheet
- 499 excel sheet
- Tempo tracking complete
- File a concur claim 
### 3 things I am looking forward at life to? 
- Book Concur hotels
- Move items to personal drive
- C

### 3 things I am going to focus in readwise for reading/highlighting/notetaking? 
- Focus on arpit pre-reads

#### TODO tasks warm down
- Routine
	- [x] Daily template complete	
- Task management 
	- [x] Todolist cleanup tasks 
	- [x] Calendar event check for overlap 
	- [x] Pick work tasks from Obsidian
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers
	- [x] Clean photos in phone
- Note taking
	- [x] Move Whatsapp starred entries to notes
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian 
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day ()

#### Pal Life Notes

People wellbeing
Spiritual
Friends Ruban, Kavin, Prasanna, 
Investment: Gold price increase (6K INR per gram), Silver (80 INR per gram) with interest rate decrease 
Kevit case for Muar place
Kevit case for Seramban place   
Kalyana mandapam patta in Ramani's name. Check with VO. 

-----------
#### Pal Journaling notes 

[[pal-notes/0_Fleeting_Pal/1_Daily_Journal/Pal_2024_03_05_Tue]]

------

#### Pal Tech Notes

Understand the classes made by Shashwat 
Api Tokens progress in capability 
Merchant token 
Developer token 
Check [[Tatsuro]] tutorial on auth tokens 
APIToken in the cookie ?  
Excel status tracker 

when [[tech-notes/Pal/2_Permanent_Tech/Authorization|Authorization]] happens, [[tech-notes/Pal/2_Permanent_Tech/Authentication]] is in two types  
1. When a user logs in
2. When a token is validated

Token can be deleted by asynchronously reading via event driven pipeline whenever principal resources such as merchants/developers/etc. are deleted or removed 

https://lucid.app/lucidchart/28d5011c-dace-41b9-9a8a-f2e1cc7c57f6/edit?viewport_loc=79%2C-285%2C1542%2C2762%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_a9ff31b2-3af9-4ba0-b648-45334d0ad02a  

Organize Priya COS resiliency sheet https://docs.google.com/document/d/17kaqQ7Z3mJZOzl_aDpugz3-Ie85b3C8fjW1HkeLJuY8/edit  

[[Tatsuro]] example doc on LADRS for COS decomposition [https://github.corp.clover.com/clover/architecture/pull/47](https://github.corp.clover.com/clover/architecture/pull/47)   

Do we need dev alerts to be routed to COS-on-call? 

------ 
#### Pal Work Notes


