---
tags:
  - nexus/journal_daily
  - people/pal
  - date/2024-03-14
  - nexus/note_log
meditation_time: 0
---

Yesterday:: [[pal-notes/0_Fleeting_Pal/1_Daily_Journal/Pal_2024_03_13_Wed]] 
Tomorrow:: [[Pal_2024_03_15_Fri]]  
Week:: [[Pal_2024_W11_Q1]]  
Month:: [[Pal_2024_03]]  
Year::  [[Pal_2024]]  
Last year::  [[Pal_2023_03_14_Tue_73rd]] 

Quote::  
> [!quote] You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
> — W. Clement Stone

### 3 things I am grateful for today?
- A
- B
- C

#### 3 things I want to share with folks?
- A
- B
- C 

### 3 amazing things that happened to me today?
- A
- B
- C

### 3 things I could have done better?
- A
- B
- C

### 3 things I am looking forward at work to? 
- A
- B
- C
### 3 things I am looking forward at life to? 
- A
- B
- C

### 3 things I am going to focus in readwise for reading/highlighting/notetaking? 
- A
- B
- C

#### TODO tasks warm up (before 9AM)
- Daily routing
	- [ ] Walk or run or pickleball 
		- [ ] Monday: Collect letters
		- [ ] Monday: Change Socks

#### TODO tasks warm up (9am to 9:30am)
- Daily routine 
	- [ ] Take bath
		- [ ] Monday: Change towel for bath
	- [ ] Picking utensil from dishwasher and loading in drying shelf

#### TODO tasks warm (1:30pm to 2:30pm)
- [ ] Lunch time help and eating
- [ ] Praying to god
- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
#### TODO tasks warm down (5:30 to 6:30pm)
- Routine
	- [x] Daily template complete	
- Tasks cleanup 
	- [ ] Todolist cleanup for personal tasks
	- [ ] Calendar event check for personal and work schedules conflicts
	- [ ] Check for obsidian on pending work tasks
	- [ ] Update tempo on today's task 
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers
	- [ ] Clean photos in phone
	- [ ] Close study room blinds
	- [ ] Deposit checks
	- [ ] Pickup any packages lying in the door
	- [ ] Watch camera for any violations 
	- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
- Note taking
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian 
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Whatsapp messages

#### TODO tasks warm down (6:30 to 7:30pm)
- Daily routine
	- Dinner prep and eating
	- Dishwasher load 
	- Monday
		- [ ] Take trash can out
	- Tuesday
		- [ ] Take trash can in 

```todoist
{
	"name": "Pending personal tasks",
	"filter": "(tomorrow | today | overdue) & Assigned to: me & @project/* & !@project/architect",
	"sorting": ["priority"]
}
```

```todoist
{
	"name": "Pending work tasks",
	"filter": "(tomorrow | today | overdue) & Assigned to: me &  @project/architect",
	"sorting": ["priority"]
}
```
#### Clean up pages without tags
```dataview
TABLE file.tags
FROM !"family-notes/Backup" AND "family-notes"
WHERE length(file.tags)=0
```



Yesterday:: [[Pal_2024_03_13_Wed]] 
Tomorrow:: [[Pal_2024_03_15_Fri]]  
Today's Journal: [[pal-notes/0_Fleeting_Pal/1_Daily_Journal/Pal_2024_03_14_Thu]] 

Tech >> Springboot classes can be used to generate the pubsub.

-----
#### Fixed the obsidian mermaid diagram being cut 
https://forum.obsidian.md/t/resize-and-align-mermaid-diagrams/7019/15
> Instead, copy the CSS in a CSS file in the snippets folder of your obsidian vault, then go on the Appearance settings and activate said CSS file. Here are the steps:
- Go to Settings > Appearance > Scroll down to CSS Snippets > Click on the folder icon on the right to Open snippets folder
- Make a CSS file in the snippets folder with the desired CSS, then save the file (file must have extension “.css”)
- Activate the CSS file snippet by toggling it on under “CSS Snippets” in the Appearance settings.
You used to also be able to write CSS in an obsidian.css file in the .obsidian folder, but I believe that feature is deprecated now, in favor of using CSS snippets instead.

https://forum.obsidian.md/t/resize-and-align-mermaid-diagrams/7019/11
To align all mermaid diagrams, you can write the following in your obsidian.css file (you can replace “center” with “left” or “right” if you choose to do so):

`div.mermaid {     text-align: center; }`

Adjusting the width and height of mermaid diagrams is a bit trickier, but I found the following solution.

**EDIT:** While the solution below does technically work, please replace anywhere I’ve written `svg[ig^="m"][width][height][viewBox] { *desired code* }` in the css below with the much simpler `.mermaid svg { *desired code* }`. This simpler solution was offered by [@smcllns](https://forum.obsidian.md/u/smcllns) in a [later post](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/ability-to-resize-and-align-mermaid-diagrams/7019/20) on this thread.

The example below sets the width of the mermaid diagrams as 400px while preserving the aspect ratio:

`svg[id^="m"][width][height][viewBox] {     width: 400px;     height: auto; }`

You can also have several variations of the above code. A couple of examples include:

- A width of 80% of the current window’s width:
    
    `svg[id^="m"][width][height][viewBox] {     width: 80%;     height: auto; }`
    
- A minimum width of 350px and a maximum width of 600px:
    
    `svg[id^="m"][width][height][viewBox] {     min-width: 350px;     max-width: 600px;     width: 80%;     height: auto; }`
    

I hope this helps! Also, for anyone interested, the steps I used to find this solution were the following:

1. I used Ctrl+Shift+I (on Windows) to open the obsidian developer tools while in preview mode. Then, I inspected the mermaid elements in my page and found that they have randomly generated id attributes all starting with the letter “m”. An example was the following:
    
    `<svg id="me4c26fffe5bb1328" ...>`
    

- _N.B. The mermaid id attribute changes for an obsidian diagram after an obsidian site is published, so targeting a particular id using css and hoping for those changes to carry over is not feasible._

2. Through some searching online, I found that I can change the attributes of an html element whose name starts with a string by following the recipe:
    
    `element_name[attribute_name^="starting_string"] { *desired code changes here* }`
    

- In this case, the html element is **svg**, the attribute name is **id**, and the starting string is **“m”**, so I would have to write:
    
    `svg[id^="m"] { *desired code here* }`
    
- However, there may be other **svg** elements on a page that also have their **id** attribute start with **“m”**, so the above solution isn’t too specific.
    

3. In pursuit of greater specificity, I added [width], [height], and [viewBox] because each mermaid diagram I saw also had **width**, **height**, and **viewBox** attributes:
    
    `svg[id^="m"][width][height][viewBox] { *desired code here* }`
    

Finally, I have to say that I only tested this on mermaid flowcharts, so if it doesn’t work for other types of mermaid diagrams, please let me know.

----
