---
tags:
  - nexus/journal_daily
  - people/pal
  - date/2024-03-07
  - nexus/note_log
meditation_time: 0
---

Pal_2024_03_07_Thu_67th
09:56
 
#### TODO tasks warm up
- [ ] Take bath
- [ ] Pray to god
- [ ] Picking utensil from dishwasher and loading in drying shelf
- [ ] Walking or running or pickle ball

### 3 things I am grateful for today?
- A
- B
- C

#### 3 things I want to share with folks?
- A
- B
- C 

### 3 amazing things that happened to me today?
- A
- B
- C

### 3 things I could have done better?
- A
- B
- C

### 3 things I am looking forward at work to? 
- A
- B
- C
### 3 things I am looking forward at life to? 
- A
- B
- C

### 3 things I am going to focus in readwise for reading/highlighting/notetaking? 
- A
- B
- C

#### TODO tasks warm down
- Routine
	- [x] Daily template complete	
- Tasks cleanup 
	- [ ] Todolist cleanup for personal tasks
	- [ ] Calendar event check for personal and work schedules 
	- [ ] Check for obsidian on pending work tasks
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers
	- [ ] Clean photos in phone
	- [ ] Close study room blinds
	- [ ] Deposit checks
	- [ ] Pickup any packages lying in the door
	- [ ] Watch camera for any violations 
- Note taking
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian 
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Whatsapp messages
- Monday
	- [ ] Collect letters
	- [ ] Change towel for bath
	- [ ] Change Socks 
	- [ ] Take trash can out
- Tuesday
	- [ ] Take trash can in 

#### Pal Life Notes

old people + foot pain + help by providing chair 

-----------
#### Pal Journaling notes 



------

#### Pal Tech Notes





------ 
#### Pal Work Notes

[[Certificate manager]] is used for managing certificates
We have [[retool]] for developer automation use cases 
[https://confluence.corp.clover.com/display/BOPS/Retool](https://confluence.corp.clover.com/display/BOPS/Retool)

Disaster recovery for pubsub
Do we need to stop the subscriber in passive center 
1. More errors are logs 


2. Config flag driven in application to subscribe or not
	1. Con: Pushing for config changes would take time 
	2. Con: Restart of application would take time 
	3. Con: 
	4. Solved by: Pubsub topic to consume config changes 
3. Number of the application running in passive center to be zero
	1. Pro: Dependency ie. pubsub/database mismatch is not possible 
	2. Pro: there is no need for having pods if they don't take traffic
	3. Pro: No application involvement
	4. Pro: Less resources 

brainstorm on how to migrate all microservices into K8s DR clusters in bulk after batch 1 is completed successfully. 

5. Dependency should not be created during DR 

Bottleneck 
Would the Kubernetes control plane hit harder when multiple services call control plane? No, Kubernetes can handle the scale.
https://app.todoist.com/showTask?id=7773967529 

ArgoCD would be showing in-progress when pods are not coming up in the passive region (solution 2)?

Enterprise edition would provide a feature to solve stale reads during DR cutover. 


Github repo inside another repo 
```
git rm --cached books
git submodule add https://github.com/ffisk/books.git books
```