---
aliases:
  - <All the good things that happenned today>
tags:
  - nexus/journal_daily
  - people/pal
  - date/2024-03-16
  - nexus/note_log
meditation_time: 0
---

Yesterday:: [[Pal_2024_03_15_Fri]] 
Tomorrow:: [[Pal_2024_03_17_Sun]]  
Week:: [[Pal_2024_W11_Q1]]  
Month:: [[Pal_2024_03]]  
Year::  [[Pal_2024]]  
Last year::  [[Pal_2023_03_16_Thu_75th]] 
Quote::  
> [!quote] Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
> — Bernard Shaw


grateful::
grateful::
grateful::

learnt::
learnt:: 
learnt:: 

highlight::
highlight::
highlight::

to improve::
to improve::
to improve::


#### TODO tasks warm up (before 9AM)
- Daily routing
	- [ ] Walk or run or pickleball 
		- [ ] Monday: Collect letters
		- [ ] Monday: Change Socks

#### TODO tasks warm up (9am to 9:30am)
- Daily routine 
	- [ ] Take bath
		- [ ] Monday: Change towel for bath
	- [ ] Picking utensil from dishwasher and loading in drying shelf

#### TODO tasks warm (1:30pm to 2:30pm)
- [ ] Lunch time help and eating
- [ ] Praying to god
- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
#### TODO tasks warm down (5:30 to 6:30pm)
- Routine
	- [x] Daily template complete	
- Tasks cleanup 
	- [ ] Todolist cleanup for personal tasks
	- [ ] Calendar event check for personal and work schedules conflicts
	- [ ] Check for obsidian on pending work tasks
	- [ ] Update tempo on today's task 
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers
	- [ ] Clean photos in phone
	- [ ] Close study room blinds
	- [ ] Deposit checks
	- [ ] Pickup any packages lying in the door
	- [ ] Watch camera for any violations 
	- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
- Note taking
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian 
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Whatsapp messages

#### TODO tasks warm down (6:30 to 7:30pm)
- Daily routine
	- Dinner prep and eating
	- Dishwasher load 
	- Monday
		- [ ] Take trash can out
	- Tuesday
		- [ ] Take trash can in 

```todoist
{
	"name": "Pending personal tasks",
	"filter": "(tomorrow | today | overdue) & Assigned to: me & @project/* & !@project/architect",
	"sorting": ["priority"]
}
```

```todoist
{
	"name": "Pending work tasks",
	"filter": "(tomorrow | today | overdue) & Assigned to: me &  @project/architect",
	"sorting": ["priority"]
}
```
#### Clean up pages without tags
```dataview
TABLE file.tags
FROM !"family-notes/Backup" AND "family-notes"
WHERE length(file.tags)=0
```



Yesterday:: [[Pal_2024_03_15_Fri]] 
Tomorrow:: [[Pal_2024_03_17_Sun]]  
Today's Journal: [[pal-notes/0_Fleeting_Pal/1_Daily_Journal/Pal_2024_03_16_Sat]] 


AI: is it ok to have grapes during cold? what other fruits to avoid? 
AI: what healthy items to buy from heb? and recipes to make from it. 
AI: what career would you suggest for a person who is good at remembering, follows rules, clean and quick at learning things? 
AI: How to prevent diabetes ? 
AI: RX discount in medicine ? 
AI: Any way to reduce the cost for fertility treatment ? 
AI: what kind of healthy ingredient to buy from Costco and also recipes to make from those ingredients?
AI: what items to make in South Indian potluck ? 
AI: How to setup garden bed ? What are the different types? 
AI: Pink vs Himalayan vs less sodium vs white salt? Which one has less sodium? Which one to intake? why do you recommend it? And the reasons for not to take others? 
AI: what are the questions to take during your daily, weekly, monthly and yearly journal ? 
AI: what would you do when you get into an accident? when you are at fault? when you are not at fault ? when the other person is uninsured ? 
AI: what is umbrella insurance ? why is it needed by everyone? 
AI: How to do parallel parking in reverse? explain simple steps which I can easily understand. 
AI: Reverse parking what are the steps? 
AI: Difference between scrub and brush for toilet cleaning? When to buy one? 
AI: How to reduce toilet pressure ? 
AI: What is the gallon size for a standard bath tub? Is it 50 gallon?

Hustle: YouTube channel for software transparency. interview content creators on which software they use. How is it integrated ? data integration is a strong area of expertise for Pal. 