---
aliases: 
tags:
  - nexus/journal_daily
  - people/pal
  - date/2024-03-20
  - nexus/note_log
---

Yesterday:: [[Pal_2024_03_19_Tue]] 
Tomorrow:: [[pal-notes/0_Fleeting_Pal/1_Daily_Journal/Pal_2024_03_21_Thu]]  
Week:: [[Pal_2024_W12_Q1]]  
Month:: [[Pal_2024_03]]  
Year::  [[Pal_2024]]  
Last year::  [[Pal_2023_03_20_Mon_79th]] 

> [!tip] Quote of the Day
> > [!quote] Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her.
> — Maria Montessori

grateful:: Need to thank my Mama in Malaysia for helping out on the understanding the assests in Malaysia. Happy we could do this for my dad. 
grateful:: Thank to God for giving the right folks for fertility care and having the money to meet the demands. 
grateful:: 

learnt:: How to setup tracker in obsidian 
learnt:: Inline js query in Pal home page 
learnt:: For driving, you can look at the center of the car to match the curb. Uma learnt this from a video. 

highlight:: Solved an production incident by quickly identifying that memcache node went node. Need to gracefully handle this failure. 
highlight:: Setup Obsidian to take care of the majority of my life. Part to come up with milestones and small goals is going to be a big win 
highlight:: 

to improve:: focus on real work of delivering the results needed in the company 
to improve:: Come up with a plan for interview preparation 
to improve:: Come up with a plan for employee work 

bed_time:: 08:30
knowledge_exploration_time:: 00:00
breakfast_prep_time:: 09:00
fitness_time:: 00:00

bath_time:: 11:34
meditation_time:: 00:00

lunch_prep_time:: 14:00
spiritual_time:: 00:00

pomodoros:: 0
mood:: 3
daily_journal_time:: 19:00
task_planning_time:: 00:00


close_study_room_blinds:: 19:00
dinner_prep_time:: 19:30

bed_time:: 23:00

Readwise highlights 
>[!highlight]- Highlights Of The Day
>```dataview
> TABLE without ID file.link AS Notes, file.folder AS Folders
> FROM "#reader"

```dataview
TABLE without ID file.link AS Notes, file.folder AS Folders
FROM #reader/reader
WHERE file.mdate = date(2024-03-20)
```


> [!NOTE]- On this Day…
> ```dataview
> LIST
> FROM "#nexus/journal_daily"
> WHERE file.day.month = date(today).month
>     AND file.day.day = date(today).day
>     AND file.day.year != date(today).year
> SORT file.day desc
> ```



```todoist
{
	"name": "Pending personal tasks",
	"filter": "(tomorrow | today | overdue) & Assigned to: me & @project/* & !@project/architect",
	"sorting": ["priority"]
}
```

```todoist
{
	"name": "Pending work tasks",
	"filter": "(tomorrow | today | overdue) & Assigned to: me &  @project/architect",
	"sorting": ["priority"]
}
```
#### Clean up pages without tags
```dataview
TABLE file.tags
FROM !"family-notes/Backup" AND "family-notes"
WHERE length(file.tags)=0
```


Generated from: [[Journal_Pal_Daily_Template]]
Related template: [[Journal_Pal_Weekly_Template]], [[Journal_Pal_Monthly_Template]], [[Journal_Pal_Yearly_Template]]

Yesterday:: [[Pal_2024_03_19_Tue]] 
Tomorrow:: [[Pal_2024_03_21_Thu]]  
Today's Journal: [[pal-notes/0_Fleeting_Pal/1_Daily_Journal/Pal_2024_03_20_Wed]] 


