---
tags:
  - nexus/journal_daily
  - people/pal
  - date/2024-03-06
  - nexus/note_log
meditation_time: 0
---

Pal_2024_03_06_Wed_66th
19:04
 
#### TODO tasks warm up
- [x] Take bath
- [ ] Pray to god
- [x] Picking utensil from dishwasher and loading in drying shelf
- [x] Walking or running or pickle ball

### 3 things I am grateful for today?
- Person from the Pickleball court walked to us and found Nicholas to give us teaching.
- Schedule is working out. 

#### 3 things I want to share/explore with folks?
- Need to look at investment that create assests and not liabilities. Rich dad and poor dad video.
- Pickleball playing on our own. How to hold the bat correctly? How to tap on the ball for control? 
- Parallel parking for Uma driving. How to reverse the car? Need to learn from it. 
- Need to learn on to send requests from active-active service to a service running in a passive data center  
- Need to learn redis streams  

### 3 amazing things that happened to me today?
- [[Daniel Register]] presenting on the automation script to create the needed components after a cluster is setup. 
- Uma has picked up on here driving. She identified a technique to watch the mirror and not go to the extreme right side.
- Completed documenting the COS resiliency part 1 discussion. Need to take notes from there
- Completed all fiserv trainings
- Filed a concur claim 
- Moved items to personal drive
- Read few articles on arpit prereads 

### 3 things I could have done better?
- How not to intimidate Uma when I am teaching her something new? Today she felt I was stressful when I teaching her the technique 
- Appa got stressed out that he wanted to put a fight against folks who cheated him. I felt his ego was coming in the way. Though on a second thought, would be better to put the fight as people who cheated to stop them from doing it again. 
- All these administrative fiserv work is killing my time  
- Need to commute to office. Check whether it can be made only for 2 days. 
- Should not start watching youtube again. 

### 3 things I am looking forward at work to? 
- 499 excel sheet
- Tempo tracking complete
- C
### 3 things I am looking forward at life to? 
- Book Concur hotels
- B
- C

### 3 things I am going to focus in readwise for reading/highlighting/notetaking? 
- Arpit pre-reads 
- B
- C

#### TODO tasks warm down
- Routine
	- [x] Daily template complete	
- Tasks cleanup 
	- [ ] Todolist cleanup for personal tasks 
	- [ ] Calendar event check for personal and work schedules  
	- [ ] Check for obsidian on pending work tasks 
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers 
	- [ ] Clean photos in phone 
	- [ ] Close study room blinds 
	- [ ] Deposit checks
	- [ ] Monday: Take trash can out
	- [ ] Tuesday: Take trash can in 
	- [ ] Pickup any packages lying in the door
	- [ ] Watch camera for any violations 
- Note taking
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian 
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Whatsapp messages




#### Pal Life Notes



-----------
#### Pal Journaling notes 
[[Pal_2024_03_06_Wed_66th 1]]


------

#### Pal Tech Notes





------ 
#### Pal Work Notes

[[Anshuman Tripathi]]
- Set weights on virtual services, one endpoint get a percentage and other the remaining
- Gradual rollout of new APIs. Supported even in ArgoCD 
- Blue-green deployment
- Custom load balancing algorithms
- Routing configuration from virtual service 
- APIGateway specific routing
- SSL termination 
- Being able to write a plugin in the APIGateway 
- Enforce MTLs in Ingress gateway needs to be done
- Centralized control plane for DR cutover might be a single point of failure 
- Service hosts configured in active-active services to identify and route to the correct active-passive service running in the active DR 
- Geo based routing
- VPC peering between two zones. No, there are two different subnets in the same VPC. 
- Anthos service mesh (Managed Istio)
- Will it run in our VPC? 
- Kube-system namespace is not managed by us. 

Tatsuro Alpert
[https://clovernetwork.grafana.net/d/a58b02e0-e29d-493d-a89f-05e46bdc07f2/k8s-gateway-haproxy-status](https://clovernetwork.grafana.net/d/a58b02e0-e29d-493d-a89f-05e46bdc07f2/k8s-gateway-haproxy-status)

You
[https://quoraengineering.quora.com/Building-a-Service-Mesh-in-a-Hybrid-Environment](https://quoraengineering.quora.com/Building-a-Service-Mesh-in-a-Hybrid-Environment)

Anshuman Tripathi

[https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/service-entry/](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/service-entry/)
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_q1FWS5SngFo3BBfUrpKUHOgN43vTubWKvNFjUXisC4/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_q1FWS5SngFo3BBfUrpKUHOgN43vTubWKvNFjUXisC4/edit)

Anshuman Tripathi
[https://console.cloud.google.com/networking/networks/details/default?project=clover-vpc-nastaging-pci&pageTab=SUBNETS](https://console.cloud.google.com/networking/networks/details/default?project=clover-vpc-nastaging-pci&pageTab=SUBNETS)


Understand the work done on cloud functions by [[Daniel Register]]

RockyOS upgrade would make life better 
Ingress Nginx setup
Mutual TLS communication with Vault
Certificate manager 


Container registry manager
[https://github.corp.clover.com/clover/container-registries-manager/pull/54](https://github.corp.clover.com/clover/container-registries-manager/pull/54) 

Password can be stored in an keyring for MAC OS

Intellij Help > Collapse All to collapse all the functions in the code 


