---
tags:
 - nexus/journal_daily
 - people/pal
 - date/2024-03-04
 - nexus/journal_daily

meditation_time: 0000
---

Pal_2024_03_04_Mon_64th
15:46

#### TODO tasks warm up
- [ ] Take bath
- [ ] Pray to god
- [x] Walking or running or pickle ball
- [ ] Car driving for Uma 

### 3 things I am grateful for today?
- To my wife for understanding my schedule and helping me stick to it.
- To my mother for being flexible on my schedule and appreciating me on things I do
- To [[prasanna]] and [[Jayashree]] for a wonderful session on Coding. Did not expect it. 

### 3 amazing things that happened to me today?
- Todolist for tracking all my tasks
- Obsidian for taking notes and dropbox for syncing those notes and github for backing those notes.
- Readwise is interesting for reading articles/videos and will definitely change my life. 

### 3 things I could have done better?
- Still not able to focus on the tasks. Mostly focussing on low priority tasks.
- Need to start writing journal to make things clear
- Set a fixed time to work on Slack tasks. 

### 3 things I am looking forward at work? 
- Tempo tracking complete
- File a concur claim 
- 499 excel sheet

### 3 things I am looking forward at life? 
- Notion template cleanup
- Book Concur hotels
- Move personal documents out of work drive 
### 3 things I am going to focus in readwise for reading/highlighting/notetaking? 
- Arpit pre-read
- Arpit pre-read
- Arpit pre-read 

#### Tasks warm down
- Routine
	- [ ] Daily template complete	
	- [ ] Todolist cleanup tasks 
	- [ ] Calendar event check for tomorrow overlap 
	- [ ] Any pending calendar events to add 
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers
	- [ ] Clean photos in phone
- Note taking
	- [ ] Move Whatsapp starred entries to notes
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian 
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day ()