---
tags:
 - resource/daily_journal
 - people/pal
 - date/2024-03-14
---

Yesterday:: [[Pal_2024_03_13_Wed_73rd]] 
Tomorrow:: [[Pal_2024_03_15_Fri_75th]]  
Week:: [[Pal_2024_W11_Q1]]  
Month:: [[Pal_2024_03]]  
Year::  [[Pal_2024]]  
Last year::  [[Pal_2023_03_14_Tue_73rd]] 
Quote::  
> [!quote] You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
> — W. Clement Stone

### 3 things I am grateful for today?
- A
- B
- C

#### 3 things I want to share with folks?
- A
- B
- C 

### 3 amazing things that happened to me today?
- A
- B
- C

### 3 things I could have done better?
- A
- B
- C

### 3 things I am looking forward at work to? 
- A
- B
- C
### 3 things I am looking forward at life to? 
- A
- B
- C

### 3 things I am going to focus in readwise for reading/highlighting/notetaking? 
- A
- B
- C

#### TODO tasks warm up (before 9AM)
- Daily routing
	- [ ] Walk or run or pickleball 
		- [ ] Monday: Collect letters
		- [ ] Monday: Change Socks

#### TODO tasks warm up (9am to 9:30am)
- Daily routine 
	- [ ] Take bath
		- [ ] Monday: Change towel for bath
	- [ ] Picking utensil from dishwasher and loading in drying shelf

#### TODO tasks warm (1:30pm to 2:30pm)
- [ ] Lunch time help and eating
- [ ] Praying to god
- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
#### TODO tasks warm down (5:30 to 6:30pm)
- Routine
	- [x] Daily template complete	
- Tasks cleanup 
	- [ ] Todolist cleanup for personal tasks
	- [ ] Calendar event check for personal and work schedules conflicts
	- [ ] Check for obsidian on pending work tasks
	- [ ] Update tempo on today's task 
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers
	- [ ] Clean photos in phone
	- [ ] Close study room blinds
	- [ ] Deposit checks
	- [ ] Pickup any packages lying in the door
	- [ ] Watch camera for any violations 
	- [ ] Dishwasher load utensils
- Note taking
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian 
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Whatsapp messages

#### TODO tasks warm down (6:30 to 7:30pm)
- Daily routine
	- Dinner prep and eating
	- Dishwasher load 
	- Monday
		- [ ] Take trash can out
	- Tuesday
		- [ ] Take trash can in 

```todoist
{
	"name": "Pending personal tasks",
	"filter": "(tomorrow | today | overdue) & Assigned to: me & @project/* & !@project/architect",
	"sorting": ["priority"]
}
```

```todoist
{
	"name": "Pending work tasks",
	"filter": "(tomorrow | today | overdue) & Assigned to: me &  @project/architect",
	"sorting": ["priority"]
}
```
#### Clean up pages without tags
```dataview
TABLE file.tags
FROM !"family-notes/Backup" AND "family-notes"
WHERE length(file.tags)=0
```

