---
tags:
 - nexus/journal_daily
 - people/pal
 - date/2024-03-06
 - nexus/journal_daily
---

Pal_2024_03_06_Wed_66th
19:04
 
#### TODO tasks warm up
- [x] Take bath
- [ ] Pray to god
- [x] Picking utensil from dishwasher and loading in drying shelf
- [x] Walking or running or pickle ball

### 3 things I am grateful for today?
- Person from the Pickleball court walked to us and found Nicholas to give us teaching.
- Schedule is working out. 

#### 3 things I want to share/explore with folks?
- Need to look at investment that create assests and not liabilities. Rich dad and poor dad video.
- Pickleball playing on our own. How to hold the bat correctly? How to tap on the ball for control? 
- Parallel parking for Uma driving. How to reverse the car? Need to learn from it. 
- Need to learn on to send requests from active-active service to a service running in a passive data center  
- Need to learn redis streams  

### 3 amazing things that happened to me today?
- [[Daniel Register]] presenting on the automation script to create the needed components after a cluster is setup. 
- Uma has picked up on here driving. She identified a technique to watch the mirror and not go to the extreme right side.
- Completed documenting the COS resiliency part 1 discussion. Need to take notes from there
- Completed all fiserv trainings
- Filed a concur claim 
- Moved items to personal drive
- Read few articles on arpit prereads 

### 3 things I could have done better?
- How not to intimidate Uma when I am teaching her something new? Today she felt I was stressful when I teaching her the technique 
- Appa got stressed out that he wanted to put a fight against folks who cheated him. I felt his ego was coming in the way. Though on a second thought, would be better to put the fight as people who cheated to stop them from doing it again. 
- All these administrative fiserv work is killing my time  
- Need to commute to office. Check whether it can be made only for 2 days. 
- Should not start watching youtube again. 

### 3 things I am looking forward at work to? 
- 499 excel sheet
- Tempo tracking complete
- C
### 3 things I am looking forward at life to? 
- Book Concur hotels
- B
- C

### 3 things I am going to focus in readwise for reading/highlighting/notetaking? 
- Arpit pre-reads 
- B
- C

#### TODO tasks warm down
- Routine
	- [x] Daily template complete	
- Tasks cleanup 
	- [ ] Todolist cleanup for personal tasks 
	- [ ] Calendar event check for personal and work schedules  
	- [ ] Check for obsidian on pending work tasks 
- Organization
	- [ ] Take photos of physical papers 
	- [ ] Clean photos in phone 
	- [ ] Close study room blinds 
	- [ ] Deposit checks
	- [ ] Monday: Take trash can out
	- [ ] Tuesday: Take trash can in 
	- [ ] Pickup any packages lying in the door
	- [ ] Watch camera for any violations 
- Note taking
	- [ ] Move daily entry logs to notes
	- [ ] Complete Highlighting documents pending in reader (Atleast 2)
	- [ ] Integrate the read notes into obsidian 
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Slack messages at the end of the day
	- [ ] Takes notes and reply to Whatsapp messages